oK so that's one of the things that you
started the transition to your blog and
feel free to go ahead and post a link to
your blog for people here so one of the
things that you started it transitions
who once used created your blog and you
mentioned your YouTube channel will come
back to that little bit is well is that
you know you're saying that you had your
supplies were then able to sell through
your blog that's what you started doing
on your log was putting these tutorials
up so that people can start to make some
of the jewelry on their own and that
gave you an avenue to start selling the
supplies and the tools so they follow up
on that just a little bit though where
you just strictly getting rid of the
inventory that you had on hand or did
you that kinda ship to say hey I can buy
some stuff wholesale and then I can sell
it you know
retail prices yes and no because I i
didnt I started off just reduce tax
basically but ok I knew that I didn't
want to get in the business just like
buying wholesale in selling because
that's still the same things still
changing so i didnt little bit that we
can I had a really popular products
people would ask for more margin
especially if it's something that I'll
see you in my jewelry business so the
way it started because when i buy an
iPhone 5 be got to get the best price
you Bible you might only a couple pieces
so you're not really making back your
cost you don't make your clocks back
it's it's a longer term like you can
make your eventually but you have to
sell my you know say hi during this
meeting make money back on that you've
got to get the best price
right so I kind of like doing that
anyway and I just realized I can I
cancel my sex right I bought it a good
price how a lot I don't need all of it
then there's a couple of things in
russia and I dunno hi involve the most
part I can get away from that to you we
could just you know I enjoy selling on
Etsy in night I enjoyed just actually
making making it pretty open that there
can be excited to get their new supplies
of the new be saying this but it still
it's not like you can you can only make
so much money if you are selling your
selling a beat or whatever it is and for
$1 eV and he saw a dollar right so I
made $1 gonna make another dollar is
another one so it's like I like the
royalty plan better where it's you make
me feel like I call it my low fuel where
it's it's like the same the same idea as
being a best-selling author right where
you spend six months writing this
awesome novel and hopefully it's going
to be awesome and hopefully it'll be the
seller and then once it starts selling
you can kinda move on to your next you
can take a vacation go around the world
but you don't have to you don't have to
rewrite the book every time you want
every time you want to make a dollar so
if I wanted to make $100,000 a year
selling $1 $10 it doesn't really matter
I have to
to keep making and selling and shipping
every single minute just to make it
happen now and that's not being on it to
you because I also I don't mind you
having employees my business i want to
be completely self-sufficient I want to
be an independent so I kind of put in
place that just made it very clear to me
that selling jewelry as my sole income
is not going to work alright so you were
going to be doing piecework for people
you weren't really interested in the
wholesale retail type cause you said
that's just sort of another variation on
the same team here and I don't really
wanna be doing that in so you mentioned
in your introduction that you were
starting to think about this idea
passive income which is something that
you referred to right now even with your
example let's say that I'm an author and
I write a book and then I can sell that
book over and over I don't have to keep
on writing that same book talking about
royalty so how did you start your
investigation with the idea of pursuing
this passive income I don't remember how
I found him but I which probably most
people who are investigating the idea
how to do it and I kind of like he
doesn't podcasts as well and he's really
generous in a kind of started falling
and went to the very beginning of his
podcast and I listened to all of them in
order to a certain point I now that you
know at this point and I learned so much
and I started thinking about how I can
we meet changing actually when I
realized you know like easy just what he
loved what he know that's what you do
so I kind of picture it like a diagram
the circle is your knowledge experience
and you know and then there's another
circle that slipped your passion for all
those things overlap and then that all
you got this tiny slice that's you
that's what makes you special because
there's lots of other jewellery
designers and lots of other jewelry
instructors in the mall there's a lot of
people on you to teaching making so that
is not special but me my experience my
personal experiences there is literally
nobody in the entire world that has the
same
exactly so part of what your gonna be
marketing to people it is your self your
brand and your self so you went through
these podcasts from pat on Pat Flynn's
site how do you get from Pat Flynn to
unity actually it's not that far to
leave because years ago
breakthrough blocking and it was part of
a bundle together with a couple other
experts it was a bundle of course is
really good price and I probably would
not much just for his rapidito blogging
think something like that and then
they're all different programs hosted on
the site I'll be coming off their title
right in her when I went to sign in to
her part of the course of course it was
you to me and I was actually that was
actually perfect tiny because at that
point in my life I was planning refers
to teach you how I wanted it to be but I
figure out how do you deliver what
happened and I use and it just seemed
really complicated you know
through we're hosting at that time I
wasn't ready for that I couldn't get my
head around the delivery
hoster videos shopping cart that and you
don't want to leave I also want and I
wanted it to be most importantly it
really good student experience and
jewellery course I knew that I wanted to
be interactive capability and he did
students to be able to ask questions
be able to upload photos and just like
all these things actually found this on
another rap see I craftsy.com which is
journey for rap verses with perhaps he
is not anybody can just like teaching I
believe that you have to be invited they
probably fly out to their homemade I
think they filmed in studio with three
cameras set up and and your excuses so
if you teach me teach it anywhere else
and I think you might even have some
other plazas where even if you want to
teach in there somewhere else you can
but I'm getting off-topic so the point
is that they have the perfect platform
that it wasn't something that I can use
so I was I was like looking I was trying
to figure it out was it was taking ever
really frustrated and then I just kinda
accidentally found unique realism I
started taking courses and I realize
this is exactly what I needed everything
almost everything online and so I
started exploring the site and just
getting ideas how I keep my doors as far
as you know just how I'm going into
lessons and things like that and then I
think I joined against those last
October I challenge you to meet the
challenges were in a kind of helped you
along the they give you tax or something
like that and I started
I started that it was all downhill from
there final piece of the puzzle that he
needed was the structure together and
then